so let's take a look at the pot I can
use to cook this food I found these
online there's actually a pretty good
price I think they're like seven dollars
for two of them I mean twelve dollars
for two of them it's pretty cool cuz you
can have the scale on it on the side
right and it's indented so when you flip
the top open has a nice lid right here
with steam vents can take this off
inside it has stores two cups so you
have 28 ounce cups in here that are
stored inside these are a pretty
heavy-duty plastic you could put you
know hot drinks and or soup or something
in there and a lot of these meals that I
have our soups so it works out nice so
these to fit in there and you can you
have this can right here that holds 24
ounces and you can see the the markings
on the inside so you know where you're
filling it and it has this handle you
could slide this down to the handle
won't flip up on you so you have this
nice handle you set this right on the on
a fire stainless steel let's not going
to melt or anything set it right on the
fire you know add your water and your
food cook 24 ounces okay and you could
easily pour it inside the cups you know
put a couple spoons in there and you're
good to go so we put the lid cook with
the lid on it like I said as the steam
steam holes right here
so you could you could drain stuff out
with it strain out the water if you're
going to cook some noodles or something
so it's pretty handy like I said
everything stores in there pretty easily
and you squeeze these in and it locks
everything tight together